I'm sorry, I'm getting my car in the Senate.
Have some tendency to perform favors.
And I didn't want them to do with anything of that type of compromise themselves.
You would just take into the costumes.
Yes or I would.
You have to take into the costumes with other pilots.
I never had another private scientist.
Well, that's the costumes that you have to take and then instructions you gave
are out of the ordinary, new experiences.
Yes or they were.
You spoke about an advising you that he was down there to study logistics.
I believe you said.
Yes sir.
And I also realized the army, you get it up to modern.
Yes.
You got to act?
Yes sir.
When you spoke.
Well first let me ask you.
Do you ever give any instructions to him who has given him any assignment or such duties as that?
No sir, I had not.
You know where he got such an assignment?
I have no idea sir.
You know where they are at in such assignment.
No sir, but there were other indications by private sign that he had a purpose of port six other than basic training and which was connected with investigation.
You elaborate on that and let's see what that is.
I'll slide through sir.
All right.
On the 4th of January, private sign was sent back to the company from Legmetal Headquarters after it had been directed that he was to perform KP on the following Sunday.
At that time my unit administrator had him in his office and discussed disciplinary problems with private sign.
What does it have to do with your problem?
It was in connection with a past new year sir.
However, the incident bearing on the question which you asked a previous later on.
Private sign stated to my unit administrator that it would be unwise to put him on KP any more weekend because he would be on pass and would not be present to take such KP assignment.
Furthermore, that rat of violation of your instruction store is approximately a half hour after it was directed that he was to have KP for the following weekend.
I know but I thought you would be interested in the instruction do not take up these matters with others on the other hand but help you to look at that such thing.
Yes sir, that would be in our incident.
Understand.
Is this a violation of the instruction you had given me?
Yes sir.
All right, I'll see you.
Private sign said that he was working on reports all the time and submitting them constantly.
And while I didn't affect the company to any great extent, he would mention me two or three times in his report.
Who was he reporting to?
I don't know sir.
But he was given you the impression that he was there for other purposes besides getting some basic training.
Yes.
And that he was reporting to some higher authority on the conduct of the army there is the base.
If it would seem there would be that logical connection I had no other previous connections to private sign other than two basic training.
He did say he had mentioned you first when it took three times and it took four times.
Yes sir, he did.
My brother.
Was he going to mention you then?
I don't know sir.
Oh, I'll go see you.
On the 19th of November when I already had the private sign on the past policy and in private sign and sign out each time you went out, went on past in the early room at a
sign-out book which was in the public office section of the early room, he asked me if that were not a little obvious.
No obvious.
And I, therefore, in private sign that I just considered obvious that the passes which I discussed with him was the official and communicated to me through channels.
And I saw no reason why he should not use the sign-out book because that was the proper procedure when man was going on past.
On the 19th of November, January, I had occasion to deliver a message to private sign to make a committee telephone call.
At that time, I told private sign that I had been informed that he was transferred to Camp Gordon for basic training and that as far as I could determine for further basic training.
And that as far as I could determine, he was an ordinary trainee and had no purpose at Fort Dix, other than basic training.
Private sign then informed me that at his next assignment, Camp Gordon, he would no doubt be classified as an observer so that he wouldn't have to be difficult if he had at Fort Dix.
Captain, are you the one that graded him as a soldier?
Yes or I am?
You gave him a good rating and action of rating and I believe it was a soldier.
I gave private sign as a superior in training.
Yes, I'm a superior in training. He didn't make a good soldier.
Yes or I felt that he was fired at a frequent passes and committee meetings on post that private sign had applied himself well to the training.
In fact, during the rain's fire and weak private sign fire, the score of 204, which was especially good for the winter fire.
Captain, I assume you are related now about all the incidents that occurred. Have you?
Yes, sir. The emphasis of the type that you mentioned, those are the ones which are in number seven.
If you evaluate the incidents, would you say that private sign am self self-preferential treatment?
Yes, sir.
The morning when private sign attempted to get moved to an earlier firing order was my mind and the seeking professional treatment on his part.
Did you have the same problem with other private gearing and coach of his training?
There are other instances where private make requests to the company's man or two cashmants which do not come to my attention especially.
Well, I'm trying to just get the back. There's nothing unusual about this, let's say so.
Well, there was something unusual about it, sir, because I'm going to switch the private sign not to ask any favors of the cashmants.
I have a point I'm making, let's be fair to private sign.
No, the chairman does not know what the ordinary private might do and the same circumstances.
Who's left state, so is the ordinary, and I think they did have some merit.
It was a thousand ordinary, sir, because private sign wasn't spoken by me, not to speak such favors from the catcher.
And the catcher, I told private sign were not to grant him any favor.
But I did you instruct other private sign.
As you did, private sign.
There were not some other problems with other private sign.
Well, why didn't you instruct the other private sign?
Why didn't you give them the same instructions you gave by the sign?
Because there were not some circumstances connected with our being at court, actually.
A different set of circumstances developed with respect to private sign that necessitated according to your judgment for giving of the instructions you gave.
And those circumstances did not develop with respect to other private sign.
Also, they did not.
At the end.
Before the next senator begins, I sent his men to return to our studio as a prop for the country to permit our statement to identify them.
This is ABC Television Network.
The officer is Lieutenant George S. Meithner, sir.
He has been an other state.
MEISS, NER.
He is my counsel. He is from Fort Dick.
And knows the details of my testimony, sir.
Thank you.
Senator Potter.
Captain Miller.
One of the allegations made in the Fort by Senator McCarthy and Mr. Colton and Mr. Carr.
The fact that private sign did not receive preferential treatment.
But in fact, it was in some cases discriminated against because of his former association with his committee.
Now, you were his company commander for BX.
You have stated in answer to Senator McColle's question that private sign was pretty different than some of the other private of your company.
But you say that private sign was discriminated against because of his, because he was all called private?
No, sir. I would say not.
You may possibly prove the fact that I had told him to signal favors from the cadre as such discrimination.
However, since private sign was to have the frequent passes, then it would be necessary for me to make judgment as to when he was to be how his training was being conducted during the day in order to make him available.
It was necessary for me to handle this personally.
I didn't want one of my subordinates taking responsibility for a decision of this type.
But did he, the private sign is going the same relationship with the sergeants and the two leaders as other private?
Yes, sir, he did.
Captain, as company commander, you were responsible for giving private sign as efficiency ratings.
I correct.
That's correct.
And I believe you stated that he received superior or excellent rating.
He's a superior in training, which is the highest rating that a soldier can receive as that character.
I also understand from testimony that was given yesterday that private sign received a fair rating on his character rating.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir, that is correct.
For you, it is for the year responsibility to give him that, uh, to give private sign the character rating?
Yes, sir, it was.
Can you give a committee the basis for the fair, which is a, which is not the best rating that a person can receive for characters?
Can you give the committee your reasons for that rating?
Yes, sir.
I can.
It was my overall judgment of private sign attitude toward me and towards army life and for discipline while he was at Portic.
And I must say that it was my judgment and I stand by the judgment.
Now I face it upon the various incidents I had with private sign, the attitude private sign created in the company as a result of statements and activities.
And that is my judgment.
Now, on the basis of this, I must go into an incident concerning New Year's Eve.
Good as well.
The policy in the company was to rest the trainees a past on either Christmas or New Year's, but not both.
Sometime prior to the Christmas holiday, I had private sign in my office and inquired of private sign whether or not he would be willing to volunteer to take details during the Christmas holiday,
so that a maximum of soldiers of the Christian faith would take their passes on Christmas and the balance we see their passes on New Year.
Private sign informed me at that time that he expected to be working on both weekends and that I would no doubt hear about these passes through travel as I had always done on previous passes.
I reminded private sign that I was authorized to give him a pass on only one of the weekends, but not both.
I made out the Christmas and New Year's pass this personally because I felt that it wasn't item which was important to each soldier in the company.
And I placed a soldier on either Christmas or the New Year's weekend on the basis of the details, K.P. and Guard duty, which are rocked and which would accrue to each trainee in the company.
Private sign, by virtue of the Guard roster, was to for guard on New Year's Eve December 31.
And therefore I gave private sign pass on Christmas holiday.
About three days before the Christmas holidays, I called each of the batons into a formation and personally informed each trainee what was to be the holiday on which he would receive a pass.
When I had private sign for tunes before me, I called private sign name and stated that he would have a pass on a Christmas holiday.
Upon completing the listing of passes for private sign for tune, I informed them that their position only passed roster once they termed by virtue of the details which they were due to receive either Christmas or New Year's.
The pass list for Christmas was posted on the Bolton board.
Private sign name was listed for the Christmas pass. Private sign went on pass for Christmas.
The New Year's pass list was posted on the Bolton board likewise during the week preceding the New Year's holiday.
Private sign name was not listed. Private sign name was listed on the Guard roster for 31 December 1953.
About 9 o'clock in the morning on December 31, I was in the orderly room on company business.
And the first margin told me that he had spoken with private sign the evening before and had reminded private sign that he was on tap, on guard duty rather for New Year's Eve.
Private sign told the first margin that he had spoken to me about this matter and that he had expected to be on pass that day.
The first margin reported this to me and I told the first margin that private sign had not spoken to me about this guard duty detail and that I had not authorized the pass and I had not been informed by a higher headquarters that a pass was due for private sign for that day.
I therefore placed a call to Lieutenant Blout, General Ryan Aide, an inspired winner, a pass had been authorized for private sign for the New Year's weekend.
Lieutenant Blout told me that he would inquire of General Ryan and call me back.
He called back and stated that a pass had not been authorized by General Ryan for the New Year's weekend.
I therefore sent to the training area for private sign and since he was not present there, I further inquired and determined that private sign had been sent to the photograph laboratory to have identification photo taken.
I found the name of the Quarko in charge of the detail and determined that private sign had gone to the laboratory, had returned and was sent into the barracks to get changed into a field clothing in order to go back out to the training area.
The work was justified, he had no contact directly with any part of our committees now.
He's now recounting events in the private life of David Cheyne. I'm not going to sit here and listen to him.
Sheriff, wait a minute, sir. I'm going to tell you this, sir. We have much more important work to do.
We should be investigating Communists. We've got backlog of work. We've got about 100 and 30 of them in different plans at this moment.
I'm going back to my office and we'll be chair of someone's problem and we'll get through with his drill.
I'm sorry, he does believe that the testimony about the New Year is passed.
To be related to whether or not it was secured, it secured at all as the suggestion of the committee staff.
If the attorney has sent previously, we are not investigating errors or mistakes in act as a seasoned army worker.
We don't have any investigate for a day.
I think my question was related to the statement made by the senator and Mr. Cole and Mr. Carr that rather than receiving preferential treatment,
the private time was discriminated against and so many of us.
I was questioned the fact that he received an excellent or superior efficiency rating as to buy received a must-a rating as far as the cleric was concerned.
The determine whether that was a means of discrimination or not.
That was a question, no. I think that's why the captain is calling to great detail on it.
I'm not expecting that question, Mr. Potter.
We had a rule originally that before the witness had been called, the arrest of the witness is what he was talking about.
We obviously had the purpose of determining whether or not the testimony is relevant.
If this is one witness, we are familiar with the fact that it's too bad that I assume that Mr. Welsh requests the heavy presence.
He undoubtedly has referenced other witnesses.
I like Mr. President and I just wish the chairman went away from my time, who was mean to get relevant testimony.
I think the chair does have an obligation to determine whether it's relevant, not the witness should not be wasting the time of all these army officers back here behind him.
All the censors, he's not going to waste my time with the chairman.
I'll be back and he'll share a belief that the President has reached a very valid point and suggests to send a pilot rather than listening to this long narrative which is getting very long captain.
You find out whether or not there's something which he invented as a result of the committee request.
We'll be back for a quick report.
You're a pilot, what is it?
Very well, sir.
I would merely like to point out an old fanist from the witness.
Evidently, a Mike is dead.
I am going to start an old fanist that was witness, I would like to point out that this is the main incident.
There were other, but this is the main incident on which the character rating was based.
And this is a matter of record service.
Now, the loads of character ratings are a matter of record and when a trainee is given a character rating as low as the one given to follow the child, the company commander.
The most important thing is why such a rating was given.
And that's the only reason why Captain Miller is relating the events of that incident.
Well, let's get to the line and testify the considerable length on both the character rating and the superior rating.
I'll let you make some, you know, let's get to the point.
I feel that I have not utilized a great deal the committee's time and asked what I think is his person to the, to the charges that happened may.
Now, if Robert Charn has been describing it to me, I think the committee should know that.
That's the reason I'm asking the question.
Well, I would like to ask if I can have the attention of the committee without any further ado, I would like to have the captain continue and give him a good deal of that.
I would like to ask if Mr. Adams has provided some links on this point of the granting of two passes on the Christmas weekend and the New Year's weekend.
And that there was also a telegram from Mr. Cohn and some conversation about it.
I think it's quite material to this case because it's been voted to be taken previously.
Mr. Chairman, I have to follow this, but on a brief point of order at the relative seat, three points, what Senator Jackson said.
If captain Miller had any contact whatsoever with me, with Mr. Carl or Senator McCarthy or any member of our state.
And if the captain thinks we ever asked him for any kind of proper, an actual treatment or anything else, we want him to tell the committee about.
I've been just in the time.
I didn't mean that.
Yes, well, no, I'm not.
I'm going to the, to the park where you claimed that whether than to receive my rent or free.
But that's the private time with the scrimmed that again.
And I want to find out whether he was the scrimmed that again in this particular case of getting a little character.
Reading one the same time he has a high efficiency rating as a soldier, which is a little inconsistent.
I'm not going to look at many.
I'm sure to take the time to find out whether the car is rating or efficiency rating are too high or too low.
I don't believe we asked about that. We certainly don't want to make that.
I'm not sure when I suggest that the court is to mark respect to this witness's testimony.
The, uh, eliminated and that the witness feel out to tell his story.
Many other people have been allowed to tell their story and to go ahead with a testimony in this case.
And the father continues to it.
All right.
Skeptan, I have a virus idea.
I know you're left off.
But if you can, if you can tie it together as quickly as possible, I would appreciate it.
After speaking to Lieutenant Blouc, uh, on the morning of December 31st, when Lieutenant Blouc informed me that a past was not authorized for private shine, I tried to locate private shine as I previously testified.
I could not locate private shine.
He was nowhere in the company area where he was supposed to be.
As usual, when someone is not in a place he's supposed to be, I had a search conducted for private shine of all the buildings in the company area.
Well, I could not locate private shine.
I sent someone to the telephone exchange where private shine would be most likely to be if he were not in the company area.
Private shine was not in the telephone exchange.
I therefore determined that private shine was at least absent without leave from the company area without permission.
It was then suggested to me by one of the, uh, persons present in the only room that I checked the sign out book.
I then did so.
It was 10.45 in the morning.
And private shine had signed out on pass to New York City as of 11.30. That's 20.
Without permission from, without permission from me, without authority having been communicated to me through town, and without my having passed by authority on to private shine.
When did he return?
I have a shine return on Monday morning.
What action was taken by you?
Excuse me, sir, he returned at midnight on Sunday.
I reported this matter to my superior officer, sir.
What was done about it?
I reported the incident to regiment headquarters, and the incident was there upon reported to General Ryan through his aide.
And further in the afternoon, about three o'clock, I am told a telephone call was received from Mr. Cohn requesting that private shine be left at home that he was engaged in committee business and would be working throughout the weekend.
And therefore, private shine did not return to Monday morning.
Was this invalation of the instructions that you would receive before that orders were to come down from the cops, the order for him to be accused for committee business?
Of course, sir, the committee general desired to give private shine authority to be absent for that weekend because a request had been made to him by a member of the committee.
It obviously made it possible for private shine to be home without my authority.
Well, I understand Captain Miller on a path to the planet through higher authority to private shine.
The Pacific procedures have been worked out wherein you were to be notified of such passes that were not within the normal allotment to the trainees in his company.
Yes, that is correct. Is that correct? That is correct.
In this situation that you're referring to in connection with the question put to you by Senator Potter, do I understand that those procedures were violated?
Yes, that they were. We used to say specifically wherein they were violated.
Private shine left without having gotten authority from me. He left the company area without authority.
He signed out at 1130 while he had left sometime prior to 1045.
How long had it been since you advised him of those procedures?
I advised private shine those procedures on the first day he was in the company.
And in my previous testimony I reiterated to private shine before the Christmas holiday that authority for passes on both weekends had to be communicated to me through Channel C-4-5-Cine lost to dust.
Now, in Vandestana when this occurred you reported it to your regimental commander.
Our battalion commander?
Regimental commander? Regimental commander?
I know carte marshal proceedings are instituted, initiated or commenced.
No sir.
You mentioned something about the attitude created in the company in response to a question by Senator Potter.
What attitude did he create in the company?
A day after the Thanksgiving pass I was getting a haircut at the regimental barbershop and the barber before it to me that the private in my company had been discussing private shine frequent passes and the fact that they redundant.
I thought that was a significant indication of the way the training itself.
At very other times the cadre complained to myself or to the executive officer of the private shine frequent passes.